I am more facinated by the ancient symbols. those symbols that came before anything else. You look at the stories that they created back then and learn how to create your story of the present. There were fewer symbols a long time ago, much less tools to work with. 
I want the opportunity to begin again. To start off as if there were no history. To come up with a completely unique view of the world around me as it now is. 
Make a list of symbols that you would use: 
a rocket ship , a circuit board, a car, a house, a train, an antenna, people playing network games, infinite scrolers, a phone, a satellite, youtube, inter-planetary travel, 
Now you cannot use the normal symbols for these things you must create your own.  Its difficult because many of these things are abstract objects. when you really try to define what they are then you end up with a person standing infront of a camera explaining something. A thing that transmitts information, a person seated at a desk staring into a computer screen. You dont want to have just a symbol of a car. You want to somehow capture the essence of peronal transportation. The freedom to go where ever you wish, at any time. The phone too, is just a rectangular box, but it can do so much and is used for so much in the everyday life of the individual. It is how we organize our thoughts, keep in contact with people, become informed on daily events, of news and weather. Capture moments with images and video. Or listen to music. When it is dark we can use it to look for something we dropped on the ground. 
The satellite is similar in that they all share a similar form and yet they all do very different things. 
Similarly on a train the cars all look alike but they all carry a wide variety of different producst and goods. 
Antennas too, all look the same yet they have the capacity to transmit different types of data. 
we are coming to a point where there is not much variety in the shape of the object and yet it has very diverse capabilities. 

----
On a side note
AI cannot be copied. It learns from its environment. The necessary human interaction is important ot the outcome of the AI. 
--
Generally the symbols that people come up with are objects that they encounter on a daily basis in their lives. Some symbols are the tools that we use, other symbols are the phenomena that we see in the sky, some are the animals that we see. But I have trouble when I try to think of what I woould make symbols out of. Do I use the objects that are around me but not really apart of my world? 
Books, Musical instruments, Paint brush, throwing wheel, glass blowing, sculpture, Media Creation, Sewing, Education of the mind, the soverenty of the individual. The kindom of god is within you. Patient dilligence, sacrifice, humility, independence, beginning again, wipe the slate clean, loss of definition, seeing from different perspectives, acceptance of everyone, leaving fear behind, being the balance, helping where you see a need. 
These are al themes that my symbols should represent. 